QUOTES=[
"You don't have to control your thoughts. You have to stop letting them control you.",
"Anxiety is the beginning of conscience, which is the parent of the soul but is not compatible with innocence.",
"The greatest weapon against stress is our ability to choose one thought over another.",
"Shyness is invariably a suppression of something. It's almost a fear of what you're capable of.",
"Nothing so much prevents our being natural as our desire to seem so.",
"It's not all bad. Heightened self-consciousness, apartness, an inability to join in, physical shame, and self-loathing—they are not all bad. Those devils have been my angels. Without them, I would never have disappeared into language, literature, the mind, laughter, and all the mad intensities that made and unmade me.",
"Change is a normal part of our lives, but it's uncomfortable for the vast majority of people because it makes them feel like they've lost control. Do you remember a time when you felt like things were being done to you that you had no control over? That's how they may feel now. In every way you can, let them know that you can relate to that.",
"The people must have ownership in the vision. They need to be enabled to accomplish it. If there is one investment you should make, it is in people.",
"As dealing with change becomes a regular activity, leading it becomes a skill to hone, an internal capacity to master.",
"If you don't like something, change it. If you can't change it, change your attitude.",
”Not everything that is faced can be changed. But nothing can be changed until it is faced.”,
”The only way to make sense out of change is to plunge into it, move with it, and join the dance.”,
"Change has a considerable psychological impact on the human mind. To the fearful, it is threatening because it means that things may get worse. To the hopeful, it is encouraging because things may get better. To the confident, it is inspiring because the challenge exists to make things better.",
”Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life. Don't be trapped by dogma—which is living with the results of other people's thinking. Don't let the noise of others' opinions drown out your own inner voice. And most important, have the courage to follow your heart and intuition.”,
"The greatest discovery of all time is that a person can change [their] future by merely changing [their] attitude",
"The world as we have created it is a process of our thinking. It cannot be changed without changing our thinking.”,
"Change your opinions, keep to your principles; change your leaves, keep intact your roots.",
"My anxiety doesn't come from thinking about the future but from wanting to control it.",
"You don't drown by falling into water. You only drown if you stay there.",
"Those who mind don't matter, and those who matter don't mind."
];
